servus and hello on my youtube
channel today I want you one
useful free program
Imagine the ideal for saving
full hd videos is suitable
I'm talking about windows live movie here
Maker that's free on the internet
is available and from microsoft for free
offered on the internet for download
if you create one of the video here
you often have the problem with the normal
export
that the hd is not in complete
complete format is displayed that is
of course not for full hd videos
just of advantage
That's why I want you now
show you how easy
full hd videos with the videos movie
can save maker
just implement a video and here
build your own visual effects or
with animations 1
then you click here on the top left
where did you publish the movie ?
when a video opens open
here is a new bar and you can do that
Save video in full-hd
Now I would have to see if I can
quickly a video on my hard drive
Let's see if you like a test
but I have already seen that
what example videos very well
this video clip is now online here
to see
and I want to do that now as full hd
save then click here on the top left
on it and say film release film
Do not be silent after you
publish but save film
now I see high resolution up here
I click on if I use the mouse
I can already see that about them
data pixel aspect ratio entered
Now click on it here if one
a movie and click on save
already the video is in full-hd
saved
and can be for youtube or other things
One thing is natural to use
clear
the videos where you get here in the videos
live movie maker should be implemented
Of course, also recorded in HD
Otherwise, of course, that brings
do not export much in hd
I hope I have you a bit
helped with this video and would be nice
if you like my youtube channel
would subscribe
thank you until next time servus